Hey everybody.
Welcome back
to Bootstring come with
Bootstrap to WordPress.
We're entering a brand new section now
called what you need to know about
WordPress.
And the following few lectures
are gonna be just about WordPress and
what you need to know about it.
This specific lecture is called What
is WordPress and Why You Should Care So
Much About It.
[MUSIC]
All right.
WordPress.
What's the big deal with WordPress?
Well it is a free web software that you
can use to create websites or blogs,
essentially.
The core software is built and
maintained by hundreds of community
volunteer web developers.
And it is probably the most popular
content management system software ever.
And because of that,
it's widely documented.
So if you're ever building a WordPress
website and you run into a roadblock or
an issue, or you have a question,
you can't figure something out.
Just Google it.
Chances are, it's already been
answered hundreds of times.
That's what's really great about
developing WordPress websites.
If you ever run into an issue,
somebody's out there to help you.
Because everybody uses WordPress.
WordPress.org even claims
that over 60 million
people have used WordPress
to power their websites.
A few popular ones include The New Yorker,
Beyonce.com.
Smart Passive Income blog with Pat Flynn,
one of my favorites.
John Mayer.
Even I use WordPress to power my blog.
Also I exclusively use WordPress
when building custom CMS driven
websites for my clients.
So then to answer my question that
I asked, why should you care so
much about WordPress?
Well basically there are a few reasons.
One, you're gonna need to learn
how to use it to take this course.
But two, it's easy.
It's actually easy to learn.
But the problem is there's a lot of steps,
and there are a lot of details, and
there are some prerequisites in
terms of your knowledge and skill.
You need to know some HTML, CSS and PHP.
Thankfully, you can learn
those things as well.
I'm assuming you already
know those things.
At least have a rudimentary
knowledge of them.
If you have any problems
with any of those languages
I do have courses on all of those.
PHP is one that will greatly help you.
And I do have a free course on that.
But like I said it's easy.
You just need somebody to
show you how to do it.
And once you know how to code a WordPress
website, your eyes will be open, and
you can take it and run,
cuz then from there you can do so much.
You could create your own WordPress
websites, whether that's for
personal use or for commercial use, like,
say you have a graphic design business and
you've always outsourced to your websites,
to a web developer because you
don't know how to code or you don't
know how to make a WordPress website.
Well once you know how to do that, once
you know how to code your own WordPress
website, you could do that yourself and
therefore make yourself the thousands of
dollars that you would have
had to pay a developer.
And that goes right back into your pocket.
So there's so many reasons why learning
to code WordPress websites is amazing.
It literally changed my career.
As soon as I learned how to use and
develop WordPress websites.
I was able to take on more clients.
I took on bigger budget projects.
My current clients took me more seriously
cause I was able to deliver something way
more robust and way more amazing rather
than just static HTML and CSS pages.
And they were so happy because they were
able to update the websites themselves
and that has also helped me because
I don't have to keep going back and
making little updates for
measly amounts of money.
So those are just a few reasons why you
should really care about WordPress, so
why don't we jump into the next lecture.
I wanna show you a couple ways that you
can actually make some money by knowing
how to code WordPress websites.
See you there.
[MUSIC]